Update readme and issue template. (#5773)
MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Want to request a feature?
title: ''
labels: Feature
assignees: ''

---

> <!-- Please note, feature requests are rarely implemented. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please note, feature requests that are submitted as GitHub issues here are rarely implemented. -->
```

> <!-- If you'd like to see something in Forge, you should be ready to implement it yourself. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If you'd like to see something in Forge, you should be ready to implement it as a PR. -->
```
